README.md, before:

# Recipe App

## Overview

The Recipe App is a web application that uses the https://dummyjson.com/recipes?limit=100 API to fetch recipes.
The Recipe App is a web application that allows users to view and search for different recipes. Users can see detailed information about each recipe, including ingredients, instructions, and nutritional information.

## Features

- **Search Recipes:** Users can search for recipes by name.
- **View Recipe Details:** Users can view detailed information about a selected recipe.
- **Responsive Design:** The app is designed to be responsive and works on various screen sizes.

## Technologies Used

- **React:** A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **Vite:** A fast development build tool.
- **CSS:** Styling the application.

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/hussain-ahmed2/recipe-app.git
   cd recipe-app
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```
   npm install
   ```

3. **Run the application:**
   ```
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Build the application for production:**
   ```
   npm run build
   ```

## Project Structure

- **src/components:** Contains the React components used in the app.
- **src/App.jsx:** Main application component.
- **src/App.css:** Styles for the application.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

Commit message:

update readme add live link

README.md, after:

# Recipe App

## Overview

The Recipe App is a web application that uses the https://dummyjson.com/recipes?limit=100 API to fetch recipes. It allows users to view and search for different recipes. Users can see detailed information about each recipe, including ingredients, instructions, and nutritional information.

## Features

- **Search Recipes:** Users can search for recipes by name.
- **View Recipe Details:** Users can view detailed information about a selected recipe.
- **Responsive Design:** The app is designed to be responsive and works on various screen sizes.

## Technologies Used

- **React:** A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **Vite:** A fast development build tool.
- **CSS:** Styling the application.

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/hussain-ahmed2/recipe-app.git
   cd recipe-app
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```
   npm install
   ```

3. **Run the application:**
   ```
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Build the application for production:**
   ```
   npm run build
   ```

## Project Structure

- **src/components:** Contains the React components used in the app.
- **src/App.jsx:** Main application component.
- **src/App.css:** Styles for the application.

## Live Demo

The live version of the project can be accessed at: [https://recipe-app-by-hussain.netlify.app/](https://recipe-app-by-hussain.netlify.app/)

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.
